RaymondFam

high

# Decreased getTknOhmPrice() not catered for

## Summary
The contract checks on the withdrawn ratios of OHM and wstETH against the current oracle price and takes any wstETH shifted imbalance as a fee to the treasury but fails to cater for getTknOhmPrice() decrease in pricing.

When getTknOhmPrice() decreases, users exiting pool can be ripped off while those aware of the opportunity can make sizable flash swap gains.

## Vulnerability Detail
Here is a typical scenario, assuming the pool has been initiated with total LP equal to sqrt(100_000 * 1_000) = 10_000. (Note: OHM: $15, wstETH: $1500 with the pool pricing match up with [manager.getOhmTknPrice()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-olympus/blob/main/sherlock-olympus/src/policies/BoostedLiquidity/BLVaultLido.sol#L156) or [manager.getTknOhmPrice()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-olympus/blob/main/sherlock-olympus/src/policies/BoostedLiquidity/BLVaultLido.sol#L232), i.e. 100 OHM to 1 wstETH or 0.01 wstETH to 1 OHM. The pool token balances in each step below may be calculated via the [Constant Product Simulation](https://amm-calculator.vercel.app/) after each swap and stake.)

    OHM token balance: 100_000
    wstETH token balance: 1_000
    Total LP: 10_000

1. Bob calls [deposit()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-olympus/blob/main/sherlock-olympus/src/policies/BoostedLiquidity/BLVaultLido.sol#L143) by providing 10 wstETH where 1000 OHM is minted. Bob successfully stakes all of the 1000 OHM and 10 wstETH and proportionately receives 100 LP.

    OHM token balance: 101_000
    wstETH token balance: 1_010
    Total LP: 10_100
    Bob's LP: 100

2. Alice also calls [deposit()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-olympus/blob/main/sherlock-olympus/src/policies/BoostedLiquidity/BLVaultLido.sol#L143) by providing 10 wstETH with 1000 OHM. She successfully stakes all of the 1000 OHM and 10 wstETH and proportionately receives 100 LP too.

    OHM token balance: 102_000
    wstETH token balance: 1_020
    Total LP: 10_200
    Bob's LP: 100
    Alice's LP: 100

3. The pool has been well balanced at all time when suddenly there is a significant price surge in wstETH in the market (OHM: $15, wstETH: $2000). [manager.getTknOhmPrice()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-olympus/blob/main/sherlock-olympus/src/policies/BoostedLiquidity/BLVaultLido.sol#L232) is now 0.0075 (instead of the previous 0.01) wstETH per 1 OHM.

4. Bob exits the pool by removing all of his LP where the 1000 OHM received is burned. However, the 10 wstETH  (wstethAmountOut) is greater than [expectedWstethAmountOut](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-olympus/blob/main/sherlock-olympus/src/policies/BoostedLiquidity/BLVaultLido.sol#L233) (1000 * 0.0075 = 7.5). So, only 7.5 wstETH is transferred to Bob.

    OHM token balance: 101_000
    wstETH token balance: 1_010
    Total LP: 10_100
    Bob's LP: 0
    Alice's LP: 100

5. Alice, an avid staker, uses a flash loan to swap, e.g. 10000 OHM for 90.99 wstETH to make a profit of 90.99 * 2000 - 10000 * 15 = $31980.

    OHM token balance: 111_000
    wstETH token balance: 919.01
    Total LP: 10_100
    Bob's LP: 0
    Alice's LP: 100

## Impact
Bob, a naive staker is ripped off with 2.5 wstETH despite making a little rewards. 

Alice, in contrast to Bob's action, could not be cared less about exiting her position but keep repeating step 5 till it is no longer profitable where at that point the position can be exited safely without any fee abstracted by the Treasury. Alice managed to game the system albeit in the opposite manner while doing the pool a favor by bringing its pricing to match up with the market.

## Code Snippet
[File: BLVaultLido.sol#L143-L200](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-olympus/blob/main/sherlock-olympus/src/policies/BoostedLiquidity/BLVaultLido.sol#L143-L200)

[File: BLVaultLido.sol#L203-L256](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-olympus/blob/main/sherlock-olympus/src/policies/BoostedLiquidity/BLVaultLido.sol#L203-L256)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider restructuring the withdrawn ratios check if this is not intended to happen. For instance, an added check may be implemented checking whether or not getTknOhmPrice() has dropped more than a threshold. If it has, the existing check should disable the withdrawn ratio slash.
