carrot

high

# Withdrawals can be halted for all users with external staking

## Summary

Withdrawals can be bricked by externally depositing stakes and withdrawing through vault. This sets up an underflow condition in `totalLP`, which reverts for future withdrawals.

## Vulnerability Detail

The function `deposit` and `withdraw` on BLVaultLido.sol updates a global accounting variable called `totalLp` which is tracked in the BLVaultManagerLido.sol contract. This is to ensure that only the amount tracked through the `deposit` function can be withdrawn with the `withdraw` function. However users can deposit to the vault externally, bypassing the update in the `deposit` function, and then withdraw normally, pushing down the `totalLp` accounted for. Other users can no longer withdraw their positions since their withdraw transactions will revert since `totalLp` is set lower than the actual LP in the vaults.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-olympus/blob/main/sherlock-olympus/src/policies/BoostedLiquidity/BLVaultManagerLido.sol#L277-L280

This can be exploited through the contract deployed at 0x00A7BA8Ae7bca0B10A32Ea1f8e2a1Da980c6CAd2. This is the BaseRewardPool contract of Aura, which is called through this vault to unwrap and withdraw tokens. This contract also has a `stake` functionality, which is called during the deposit phase to stake on the aura rewards system. However the problematic bit here is another function `stakeFor` which also exists on this contract. This function allows a user to stake on behalf of another user, which is what is used in the exploit. The exploit is as follows:
| Step | Action | Vault State | Manager `totalLp` |
| ---- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | ----------------- |
| 1 | Alice deposits 100e18 tokens of LP | Alice: 100e18 | 100e18 |
| 2 | Bob (attacker) deposits only 1e18 of LP | Bob: 1e18 | 101e18 |
| 3 | Bob calls `stakeFor` on the Aura contract, and stakes 100e18 in his own BoostedVault | Bob: 101e18 | 101e18 |
| 4 | Bob calls `withdraw` on the vault, with amount 101e18 | Bob: 0 | 0 |
| 5 | Alice unable to withdraw anything, since Manager contract's `totalLp` is 0 and reverting | | |

## Impact

Contract stops withdrawals, causing loss to all users with wstEth in the vault.

## Code Snippet

Variables in the manager contract is updated here:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-olympus/blob/main/sherlock-olympus/src/policies/BoostedLiquidity/BLVaultLido.sol#L218

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-olympus/blob/main/sherlock-olympus/src/policies/BoostedLiquidity/BLVaultLido.sol#L175

The revert statement is found in :

Relevant code for `stakeFor` found on address [0x00A7BA8Ae7bca0B10A32Ea1f8e2a1Da980c6CAd2](https://etherscan.io/address/0x00A7BA8Ae7bca0B10A32Ea1f8e2a1Da980c6CAd2#code)

```solidity
function stakeFor(address _for, uint256 _amount) public returns (bool) {
    _processStake(_amount, _for);

    //take away from sender
    stakingToken.safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), _amount);
    emit Staked(_for, _amount);

    return true;
}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add an accounting logic for individual vaults.
Define a variable `vaultTotalLp`, and udpate it in `deposit` and `withdraw` just like the manager's `totalLp`.
This would prevent Bob from withdrawing more LP than he put in.
