carrot

medium

# Too much ohm is burnt during `deposit` step

## Summary

Manager burns too much ohm from vault during `deposit` call, burning any ohm in the vault, instead of burnign only the minted amount.

## Vulnerability Detail

In function `deposit`, the last step is to burn any excess ohm in the contract and repay the user's wstEth. However, the contract decides to burn ALL ohm tokens remaining, instead of using the difference between ohm balances before and after the mint. this can lead to a number of small accounting errors.

Relevant code:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-olympus/blob/main/sherlock-olympus/src/policies/BoostedLiquidity/BLVaultLido.sol#L184-L190

In the `withdraw` function, the contract does not burn all the ohm, and instead keeps track of the change in balance and only burns the necessary ohm.

This can lead to an accounting error which can be exploited to bypass the `ohmLimit` cap.
The developer shows intent to cap the maximum of ohm that can be minted freely to a value of `ohmLimit`. If a user deposits a large amount of ohm to his own boostedVault, and then calls deposit with a tiny amount, all that ohm will be burned. All ohm burned are kept track of in the manager contract in the variables `circulatingOhmBurned` and `deployedOhm` as shown in the snippet below.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-olympus/blob/main/sherlock-olympus/src/policies/BoostedLiquidity/BLVaultManagerLido.sol#L256-L262

Burning excess ohm would store that debt by increasing the `circulatingOhmBurned` variable, which means that same amount can then be minted again into the vault. This might not be profitable, but definitely bypasses the cap set by the developer, and is thus classified medium.

## Impact

Accounting errors tracking amount of ohm circulating in BoostedVaults.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-olympus/blob/main/sherlock-olympus/src/policies/BoostedLiquidity/BLVaultLido.sol#L184-L190

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

In function `deposit`, use similar logic as in `withdraw` to only burn the difference in ohm balance before and after the mint.
